+++

title = '英语学习'
date = 2024-09-12T21:06:42+08:00

categories = ["English"] 
tags = ["英文"]

+++



# 综合


## 模板

Both the passage and the lecture explore the topic about  ....  The reading passage proclaims that .... While in the lecture , the professor uses three specific **perspectives** to contradict what the reading states .          

First and foremost , the reading part holds the belief that .... because .... However , the lecturer doubts the view by stating that ... In order to strength his own point , the professor further explains that ...              

Moreover , the reading maintains that ..... since ..... The professor in the lecture , on the contrary , points out that .... The professor defends his own point with the example of ....         

Last  but not least , the reading material believes/states that ... because ... Nevertheless , the professor argues that .... For instance , ....       



```
Both the passage and the lecture explore the topic about  ....  The reading passage proclaims that .... While inthe lecture , the professor uses three specific perspectives to contradict what the reading states .          

First and foremost , the reading part holds the belief that .... because .... However , the lecturer doubts the view by stating that ... In order to strength his own point , the professor further explains that ...              

Moreover , the reading maintains that ..... since ..... The professor in the lecture , on the contrary , points out that .... The professor defends his own point with the example of ....         

Last  but not least , the reading material believes/states that ... because ... Nevertheless , the professor argues that .... For instance , ....  

```





















# 讨论


## 模板

As far as I'm concerned , I tend to be in favor of the argument that ....      



To start with , just as XXX has said , ...     



In addition , ...     

**150 - 160** 

```
As far as I'm concerned , I tend to be in favor of the argument that ....      


To start with , just as XXX has said , ...     


In addition , ...     
```






## 科技 产品 消费

- *效率*
- *心理需求* 
- 心理满足

As far as I am concerned buying the newest technological devices would be a wise choice . My view is going to be illustrated by the following reasons and examples.        

To start with , the newest technological devices help users to improve their efficiency , no matter in work or study . It should be emphasized that along with the accelerating development of the whole society , a higher efficiency becomes more and more important . It allows individuals to accomplish more tasks within relatively certain time limits , which in turn strengthens one's competitiveness and offers them a higher chance to succeed. In that case , buying new technological devices serves better in assisting the person to get high efficiency . To be specific , there is no doubt that new technological devices generally have advantages compared with existing ones . For example, they may offer some new functions or improve existing ones , and all these factors play an essential role in helping people achieve their aims more effectively , removing the barriers as well as difficulties. As a result , people who use new technological devices are capable of finishing tasks more quickly . In other words , new technological devices guarantee high efficiency.              

In addition , using the newest technological devices also brings individuals the benefit of realizing their higher needs. Thanks to the development of the economy and technology, people in current society have almost fulfilled their basic needs related to survival and safety . Under such circumstances , they have begun to realize those need that are at a higher level . Those needs are usually more psychological and social , which makes the choice of buying the newest technological devices reasonable .  To give more details , people using the newest technological devices are able to enjoy the feeling of happiness and satisfaction after they buy it immediately since this  behavior continuously implies to them that they have the right and the ability to enjoy the best things.  Besides , people who possess the newest devices usually can grab the attention of people surrounding them , which enables them to enclose relationship with others and even harvest other people's respect or envy . All factors listed above , psychological feelings and connections with others , are just what  nowadays people mainly are pursuing , and it supports my standpoint that buying the newest devices , rather than adopting them when they are well-adopted , is worth the effort .    



- *As far as I am concerned , I tend to be favor of the argument that* people should like to **pursue** the devices of the newest version. *My view is going to illustrated by following reasons and example.*

- To start with, just as Mike has said, the newest technological devices help users to improve their efficiency, no matter in work or study. It should be emphasized that along with the accelerating development of the whole society , a higher efficiency becomes more and more important. It allows individuals to accomplish more tasks within relatively certain time limits , which in turn strengthens one's competitiveness and offers them a higher chance to succeed. 

- In addition , using the newest technological devices also brings individuals the benefit of realizing their higher needs.  To be more specific , people using the newest technological devices are able to enjoy the feeling of happiness and satisfaction after they buy it immediately .



- since this behavior continuously implies to them that they have the right and the ability to enjoy the best things. 



## 创造力 

- *As far as I am concerned , I tend to be favor of the argument that* the power of creativity far outweighs that basic knowledge in terms of successful inventions. *My view is going to illustrated by following reasons and example.* 
- T*o start with , just as Mike has said* , the power of creativity far exceeds the power of basic knowledge. For instance , Bell is commonly credited with inventing the first practical telephone by taking advantage of his creativity and numerous endeavors. It is precisely due to his creativity that such scientific breakthroughs have been made. 
- *In addition* , in the modern world , similar evidence could be also be traced . Steve Jobs , co-founders and former CEO of Apple , shocked the world with his creative electronic products whose superior functions and qualities can never be matched. 

# 压力

健康     生活压力 

- As far as I am concerned , I tend to be favor of the argument that government should arouse people's awareness of importance of physical soundness. My view is going to illustrated by following reasons and example. 
- To start with , just as Mike has said , with the acceleration of social development , people , especially young people , are confronted with unprecedentedly fierce competition . For instance , they need to work very hard to guarantee a decent life , which causes them much(way)  heavier pressure than before. Under such circumstances , most of them are prone to  in a  sub-health state . 
- In summary , government should increase access to public exercise equipment in neighborhood , raising people's awareness of the importance of doing exercise regularly through the mass media , which is the government's responsibility. 

# 因特网

科技  社会发展  生活方式

- As far as I am concerned , I tend to be favor of the argument that Internet is a treasure trove of information , which offers knowledge on any given topic under the sun. My view is going to illustrated by following reasons and examples. 
- To start with , just as Mike has said , search engines make information accessible on various subject matters such as government law and services , trade and conferences , market information , new innovations , and technical support , and even dispense advise on love and  relationship matters. 
- In addition ,  it has become common practice to seek assistance from the web in order to research and gather resources for homework , office presentations , and supplement one's own research . The web also updates news about the latest breakthroughs in the field of medicine , technology , and other domains of science . 





# 兴趣

爱好

- As far as I am concerned , I tend  to be favor of the argument that young students should not decrease an abundance of time that teaching students about music and art . My view is going to illustrated by following reasons and examples . 

- To start with , just as Mike has said ,  we should emphasize what is conveyed in the famous saying: 'Interest is the best teacher.' Evidently , the primary step toward a person's success is to have an emotional preference . In fact , interest constitutes the biggest impetus in learning , keeping one refreshed and preventing feelings of boredom and tiredness . 

- In addition , numerous epoch-making accomplishments in the scientific world owe much to the initial interest of the scientists. Therefore , students shouldn't  be compelled to increase the time spent on any knowledge field , but rather to keep a balance among all knowledge fields.

  

# 以 成绩 评分

- As far as I am concerned , I tend to be favor of the argument that performance should be the only criterion when teachers give grades.
- To start with , just as Mike has said , such a strategy would show fairness , which is an important factor to motivate students. The lack of motivation would undoubtedly pose negative effects on student's studies . Consequently , it would even have a lasting effect on their future life. 
- In addition , giving grades based on performance , instead of effort , also means a clear standard . It would be hard for teachers to tell whether a student is working hard or not during the process. It is totally subjective . In contrast , the performance , in other words , the results , cannot tell lies , making the performance-based criteria a wiser one . 





